src,permission: implicit allow-fs-read to app entrypoint (#58579)
nodejs/node: doc/api/cli.md

<!-- YAML
added: v20.0.0
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/58579

>     description: Entrypoint of your application are allowed to read implicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: Entrypoints of your application are allowed to be read implicitly.
```

Otherwise it sounds like the entrypoint would be allowed to read from any file
